Updates the workflow integration for skrl 1.1.0 (#249)
NVIDIA-Omniverse/orbit: source/extensions/omni.isaac.orbit_tasks/docs/CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
---------

0.5.6 (2024-02-19)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fixed
^^^^^

> * Update the workflow integration for the skrl library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the RL wrapper for the skrl library to the latest release (>= 1.1.0)
```

Changelog
---------

0.5.7 (2024-02-28)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fixed
^^^^^

> * Update the workflow integration for the skrl library

Reviewer: Please follow consistency on maintaining the changelog with the rest of it

```suggestion
* Updated the RL wrapper for the skrl library to the latest release (>= 1.1.0)
```
